I'm not with the level of...
They don't have the air conditioning, I think they do.
I was going to give them one hand and one hand.
This is a birthday, not just because I got lucky in the war,
but because I've been upstaying in this room for a moment.
I feel like I was just going to play.
I see that guy, I see him on the wash table.
And I remember all the horrible things we made together.
I had to cut him in the clean, I used to come up.
He's got a regular, he's a young, young, older man.
He was married, she was everywhere.
Old Roger Carroll, who came over and had a ride with God,
loved by the scene.
And I said, Bob, I'm going to be there.
I was in the floor.
They really, really had the time.
They really had the time.
The day, when I was deciding what I am now,
I was the quieter about it.
Now, to start with,
there's a movie in charge of the movie.
I'll give a movie to you.
That night, the Shakira was through a homeless bash,
I guess it might be that.
They came in on the plane from Monterrey, California.
I went to the head store.
Monterrey, that was my description.
And there was a movie about a man.
There was a very extremely heavy,
but a film had sweared, and no T-shirt.
And I felt grumpy and awful.
It was like 197 degrees in this town last night.
And he said, I walked in, like the film,
felt in the air all over me.
I hear that breeze, you know.
And he said,
I'm going to talk about dancing with all that stuff.
That's the one, yeah.
The one with the right shirt to me.
So, they brought me to the party.
And we kind of all popped off on a couple of nights.
Where I was wondering, I'm going to put a shirt.
My mother used to be in town.
And that's how I was wandering around with my hair,
maybe chips, dropping.
Didn't do me a good anyway.
I was one of my sisters in the ladies' party,
and I was giving my name to stuff my teeth in the building.
And I was one to watch her knock.
So, with my shirt, I was filming her food.
Because I thought, right,
out of the back of my head, he came home and sponsored me.
We found Roger there now, in the ladies' party.
We were driving back from the restaurant
where I had bad cold news.
And we were talking about something,
about silver that was safe about me
in relation to a fan, a science fiction fan.
And called me to chamber the novelist with a fan.
And the one that he called the novelist was a kind of a snail.
And that has to cover a thin shelf,
little rooms in which it lives for a while.
But it was out of the next room, the next room, the next room.
When he runs out of rooms, the words get shoved inside.
It was a pretty good room, and he was passed, wasn't it?
And he thought so much as he was talking to his mom and father,
and said, you're a kind of chambered novelist.
But he carried a pass with a new fan,
and he said, no one's here.
I just moved four years old now.
And we are really not hiding from our fellas.
And all of these guys who were sitting in this room
knew me as a friend.
But I don't think any of them, even though they liked me,
got in a drive.
Not as I would, and it wasn't a thing.
I don't think they ever really suspected that I might have some talent.
That I might be able to do something that would last.
Now I could all be hooked up,
and some of you may even have read what or took them.
One of the folks.
And the new book, which I'm going to be talking about,
very popular, and this is too on repeat.
Very comfortable.
They got a jacket and a guy, and they were like, I really do.
It's true. It gets here.
Everybody's going to say, I'm trying to read it.
Any age, you might hear the name.
Yeah.
This new book, I just came out of loving nothing but sex,
and this fellow, a little power is back there.
He got 10,000 copies of this,
and he was selling for a large sum of money.
I've been doing enormous amounts of radio and TV,
and he's been working on this.
I did a Joe Pine show a couple nights ago,
about a week ago.
Actually, I got a particularly swiney, Tom Southern.
Joe Pine is in the hospital, right?
He's got cancer.
Cancer called the room.
There is a God.
And on the product, he moved it up,
but some, you know, in the audience,
the actual time was, and he said, oh, he's just fine.
Today, he was discharged from the hospital.
I said, yeah, this is honorable.
He watched it for that show.
Tomorrow, we'll show a feed up on Dougan,
a feed up on the audience,
and a full meal of all the boys to swine
who would have been in the arena 2000 years ago.
There's thumbs down.
I hated that a lot.
And one day, there was a time, they started talking to me about my hair,
and I said, come on, don't get studied more on it.
And I talked to him about the length of my hair, the toe side,
where George W. W. Robert used to come on his solo.
I mean, he had a long hair.
He had short hair.
He was a monster.
And George Washington had short hair.
Long hair.
I thought that was the one.
But I got very excited about that.
One of the things that's been happening to me
in all of these interviews,
on the interviews where the interviewer hasn't even read the book
instead of reading the blurb and the jacket,
I'm loving nothing but sex itself.
You know, you're right.
That's very crap, right?
We remember responses, always, when Jerry Craft is back.
Well, you know, that's very kind of what I have to read the book.
No, I know Jerry Craft.
I only go on the shows more.
I think I'm going to tell you that.
But the people who have been doing the publishing interviews with me,
who have been reading the book, have found a tone in the story,
which I guess has been in my work house for a number of years,
and I've been a little disturbed about it
because I now recognize it's there.
And I never did before.
It's a tone of violence, a tone of downbeat.
You know, in fact, I had a letter from
Julian Benjamin at the Galaxy Magazine saying,
would you do us a funny story?
You know, I know you can't do a funny story,
but let's try and see if you can do a funny story.
Most of my stories are generally having a tone of moral and ethical duty.
And I want to deal with that at some point.
I have to afford it all.
However, I'm going to do this talk in a kind of a strange and wonderful way
given I love the two beautiful weeks.
I'm going to read some stories and go on.
I have three good stories you'll have in a few weeks. I'm trying highlight what I'm talking about in my work.
Basically, all I've got is
Like I said in that book.
What has been new in the occasion of my American Spring?
These are my dreams.
These are where I met my stories and what I have to do to them
if they miss and I'm going to say it's true.
So I was talking to Joe Pines.
Joe Pines' story I did was about Joe Pines.
Because he is one of the most powerless, the most distasteful, the obvious human being
the world has ever known.
He is a swine.
He is the king of the Philistines.
He feels that every base is totally ill-mannered and illegal.
He helps to generate the fears and bigotries of all of us.
And so I wrote a story about him.
And it's called The Teddy Crazy Show.
And you probably can't see it, but the title is like exclamation marks all the way through.
It's like exclamation marks on all sides.
And this story is a funny story.
And I want to read it for you so that I can then get on to some of this stuff.
Because this is the type of conversation that they've been talking about my time.
It's called The Teddy Crazy Show.
This has to publish here.
The first one is about to hit his past story.
He's going to love it.
How it's done!
Joe, let me bring you this.
Thank you. I don't care.
I'm sorry, why don't you get some people and I'll just kind of jack up.
What are you all going to do to hear the sonata story?
Come on.
I don't want to come up with enough things.
Let's stretch that thing.
I'm going to say a Rick Holden story.
You get to this one.
Sitting right there, the man with the camera, he didn't say anything.
He was one of the first people to say Rick Holden.
Now I was not aware of who Rick Holden was at the convention last year.
And then I saw this cat playing everywhere.
I couldn't go to the bathroom without this guy.
It was in my arm.
Every time I was with this cat, he would sit in my face every time.
Finally, I kind of nutcored.
Who is that?
He's a fan of Joe.
He's a good guy.
He's a man of Joe.
He buys all the magazines.
He used to come up with autographs.
I never know if someone said Joe Ardach had an autograph.
But anyhow, so that's what he said to me.
He was Rick Holden.
He was in the army.
He really picked Joe Ardach as a good kid.
Why did he say hello?
I was kind of irrickly on him.
I never know what to say to him.
He's a good guy.
He got that brain damage.
This went on for some time at the Alaska convention.
Rick held his number.
Then I got a letter from people saying,
Rick Holden really needs your stuff.
Can he send you some magazines to be autographed?
So much McNannam's stuff.
Sure, let's see.
He couldn't be back to the military.
He's got a great deal of stuff.
There's one Washington sign.
Your pin name and your real name on the bill.
And it's also on the first date of the story.
And the hard-knocker's going to marry Jane's girlfriend of mine.
And it's always been kind of weird.
So one thing about...
How long ago was it? About a month ago?
About a month ago?
It's well...
What? May?
It's 12th of May, right?
No.
I got a house in LA.
I'm a bit of a mom.
I'm a little oldie.
So I don't even want to go closer.
That's where I'm at.
This particular day, the editor of FM and Fine Arts Magazine,
is trying to back me up.
He brought his wife.
So the two of you are there.
They can deal with his wife.
They can do anything.
They can have any deal with her.
And I'm going to put on a bathrobe to be respectful.
And we're sitting in my office in the house.
And all of a sudden, they leave.
They have to win, though.
What's the matter?
There's a guy creeping through the bushes.
They're going to say,
Do you know where to look?
There's a guy creeping through the bushes.
You know, I look out the window and there's this guy
who's kind of walking around with a gigantic zoom lens.
He's gathering around in my neighbor's shrubbery.
You know, they're like,
Well, maybe they got a visitor.
They got a guest or somebody, maybe the land has stairs.
And there's nothing behind my house that I wouldn't bump.
You know, and there's a brick wall behind my house
that slopes down into this kind of little valley.
It's very much, very nice.
And I ignore it.
You know, and the guy was in an army uniform.
I think, well, you know, he hurts with his TIA.
You know, we kind of ignore it.
We went into the house, you know,
we were talking about the house.
We were talking about wandering around the house.
We happened to wander in my living room.
Now, when my living room looked out on the back in the mountain
and on the side, it was out of my kind of backyard
side garden brick wall.
Now, we go out on the living room
and I look out and here behind this wall,
you see,
you know, I look at nothing but a rattlesnake.
You know, I'm not really rattlesnake.
Big boy, you're going to kill your dad.
Uh, stands this guy
with his gigantic camera.
I don't know how to connect.
Cooking off, which is my house.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Wait, no, this is too much.
Who is this?
So, I go out in the back porch and I say,
you, you're kidding.
And as he approached you,
he ripped him in the mustache the last time I had seen you.
So, I didn't recognize him.
As he came up, I saw the name on the door,
he was like, oh, oh, oh.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I didn't think about the house, right?
Not thinking either of his wife.
Imagine what's going through their minds.
What's this aluminum calling on a static hundred?
Now, how do I explain this?
Think the deal.
The editor of this lawful serial,
I know about a science fiction fan, right?
About convention. About Rick Holman down there.
So, he came in,
the first thing he did was he took off his shoes.
Why did you take off your shoes, Rick?
I like your carpeting and I want to walk around
and get it.
So, Rick, Rick made a deal with Joe Goodman.
I was like, well, I'm gonna take it.
I'm gonna take it.
I don't like your shorts.
Is everybody in from upstairs to the restroom?
They're all dead.
That was just a little try.
I can't.
I wish you had them with one information.
If you were under a race, no pride.
You'd never see five more criminal fights in your life.
The one there is a blue.
The blue girl is a baby from church.
You'll never going to get out of here. If you're getting bored,
if anyone is getting bored anytime during my speech, then walk out.
Really?
I'm sorry.
This is a story called,
..."The Teddy Crazy Show".
The very one's eyes went to the monitors and the musical teams swelled to the studio and the credits began to roll.
There it is! 11 o'clock! The stage extended in time.
Now today's this minute in time for the petty crazy show.
Jacoby Hightian out, and then you and Jeff Wright, and the Crawlpard Road, but a very crazy show.
It's a really strict ban.
Put him by holding play, then directed by Grant Winston, and then Jacoby came in over one score, and here he is, the Lincoln Power Man.
The man who went back off. The man who gets the set.
The man who pulls the cover, who jumps the hook. The man of the knot.
He came out of the way, and then came to it, and caught himself in the shoulder.
Heady, crazy!
The blonde is getting it. The chipmunks need to be done immediately.
He's trying to put in the bangers.
The fight of it was about being blasted, screamed, and yowled, and whacked,
and whistled, and snarled, and howled.
The man who was in the middle of the fight, and then he got the set.
He was in the middle of the fight, and then he got the set.
I have come here to talk about...
You talk about what we want you to talk about.
Bronco, not so funny, and you're going to be the other one.
The big, the very nice. And you know why, sweetheart.
It was your choice. It was your way.
I'll tell you why. It's because you've just been given a half a million
of the United States and America's taxpayer.
Harder than money to walk in the park,
than to follow some cuckoo-like shit you got in an egg stream one night.
And how that money is spent, money we all work like dross to make.
If you're concerned of the folks, well, tell me every weekday at night
if I'm not the truth about weirdos like you.
So that police are corrupt people, and let me go and run out of that much gold.
That's why I applaud the government, including a winning candidate in the mob.
Now, what do you got to say to yourself, Rob?
That's just so cute.
You're going to stand together out of sight below the desk,
including the lives of the back and forth.
I was going to play with Bronco, but I came in to show I could play about my theory
without the team's one-man appeal.
They created our leader, and his brother, and his confessions.
Oh, now you want to sit in my house, right, Professor?
Where is my producer, Mr. Hobe Queen, standing right there?
Hobe, turn camera number one on, and Queen.
The camera was revolved as the red light went on.
Hobe, stay crazy, yeah?
Did you promise this man some sort of a hearing for honest, constructive questioning?
Hobe Queen, a frightened man whose greatest dream was a renewal pickup at the end of 36 weeks.
Spread his hand without his people even a vessel of comments, and the sugar head stayed crazy.
The camera revolved, and the monitors picked up, and he created the one-sport listening test.
Say, now you're looking at your man who will us pocket a new one.
No, Professor. Now that we've moved you're not only a quack of floor,
but Charlotte's been in probably an inventive of government fun.
We've written a common-guide writing wire, as well.
No, we haven't taken a laugh. That's a good sign of that statement.
My theory is correct.
I am only as you, the audience.
You hate this old woman? You hate this little Hollywood that the month holds?
Let me hear it!
The streets were closed, but they peed against the walls,
and shallered down like broken glass,
and they slashed through the air like shards of steel.
A little Professor Pessler cringed behind the desk.
It was what the law courts called,
where keeps the record for a thing that speaks to itself, non-religion.
There were millions of eyes, Pessler was, that text snapped discredited.
Now, smoke came as the screen died away.
That's what the only not-familiar, Teddy Craven said,
that the uncommon soft was when you used a president's dog when you took a visit to the facility.
No, Professor. Let's talk about your theory.
But Teddy Craven, you were 15 minutes.
One second of this show, the Monarch had sent away so many books of his administration.
And all across America, no, but no, believed that Professor was not an engine-wasted idiot,
that a man gave him too much cheap whiskey.
They created him a taping break for commercials, four of them, or two pimp-axes.
And he had actually agreed that second yet,
that he didn't inspire popular dancers to bring a father-in-law's family and stuff.
In the monstration, no whistles, or one way,
or one way, a round of obitos, and a round of obitos,
and now usually we do it with the Minister's stick.
It's quite tall, almost six feet, wearing white, lean, and patented clothes.
A minister that's reached him from over a plush-box, and wearing long, blonde hair,
through busts, wooden mesh.
But there was an undeniable sweetness about it.
It's like a very close innocent in the face.
Lab-warned into the directness of the lie of both their occupation
and the moron mass of Teddy Craven's war as she watched him death.
The eating-mister's desire and the pain he said.
The eating-mister's desire and the pain he desired.
And so I just dropped back into the simple silence.
It's not for a woman Teddy Craven would play formal words,
give you two blunt pogroms, it's pretty thick.
But apparently he knew something.
What's that supposed to mean? She looked blank.
What it means is that you're exposed to a body bigger than 99th rare.
You mean you're not pulling around with your measurements,
but a drill for the matter is that they're all pumped out with silicone.
That's a dirty lie!
Yeah, well, valley into a hole, if you can, I'm agreeing.
Now, this piece of paper, I'm holding in my right hand,
is a small happenings of Dr. Kanichano, but also a plastic surgeon at Beverly Hills.
He's worked on a jolly 70th of last year.
He operated a new, robust expansion of silicone,
and I needed to start a rather significant process of both hands
and ripped down suddenly.
It was a sound, poor, just plop, and then,
but with a protruding eye of millions of Americans in the Great Waste Land,
Mr. Starr was making it away.
How about those, buddy? She demanded in her own.
But all my life, 40s were cut off the area, didn't they?
Well, rather than making it stop.
Mr. Starr was reclosing top of a road by a man with a third road in the audience,
and he started making it.
He's taken a crazy stab at his holding hands,
looking at his column, and though he'd swallowed something that would enrich him.
Ladies and gentlemen, he said,
What you've just seen, under the grossest demonstration of the basic of a female's speech,
in the living demonstration of the unfinished of this woman to retain
the legal mother of a 70th of a children,
I had no left of data on that piece of paper,
is more than a tip on my part of the report,
this woman would act as such a pudliness that a true nation would redeem itself.
I, a gentleman out there, frightened the funeral of her dear law enforcement,
to have those seven small children, the youths and the custody of a woman,
who was even the rest of the honest property.
Excuse us? I'm going to go to the funeral.
It's a pretty good excuse, that statement.
By the time the area three days later,
the representatives of the funeral court had all the way to the day
to take in the disguise of seven children from her.
But they had been happy with their mother,
that she could work endlessly providing her home to them,
meaning no difference.
Any creative that done her job well.
You think a broken couple of corals
needed to start for themselves, the night she shall wear.
But I was only one-third of the 90 minutes
to go out of the penetration.
I had the show for the rest of you to swear to promising novelists,
excuse me, for being a rank one-hunter.
The manufacturer of a new drug, the Port of the Cure Cancer,
that have aroused and insinuated side effects of the drug,
to do something more convenient than familiar with my baby,
and the woman sticking her long, long clothes
by proving to the audience the satisfaction
of the man being sought and then in charge of the asset in the time.
They gave me the show, the nearing event for that night,
to do a bit of typical average people's show.
What kind of people would have called you a show, baby?
And who's our last guest, Rawling, they gave me the act.
Those new answers to my own story.
But there was a flash of light
and a distinct smell of something that should have been watched.
And I was named Rawling,
the pathetic magic whose Prince of Darker was set.
What did it look like?
The long-tailed protruding season looked like a suit,
and as I ain't no winner,
with them flashed and he stopped across from the test.
The golden movement was wounded at the full height of the two-year floor.
His arms were wound like a curled up with the back of the one red hair
that was coming to his head.
His eyes were wound in colds, the figure was black,
and the experiment had taken a start with that crease for a moment.
The fallen angel is your last guest, Mr. Prince of Darker.
And he sees himself holding a black red light
in the long itself and creating a stare for a moment.
Then he sees that he's worn a magic pair of acolytes.
They're not going to change.
I'm not going to use them.
They have won, and the magic may get to the jerk apart of peace
by hornet by tail by sea.
They can turn the magic into a strong tenderess guest.
Well, your majesty,
in the words of the Lord the Illusion,
do what you know the special privilege of your presence here
on my humble show.
To be precise, Mr. Prince,
I give the night off the Illusion.
Oh, what might that be, so you?
A rare delight, a special potion that my lips and the load
of researches are held in the top of your ears.
And might I be accurate in calling it some sort of hallucinogenic crush
to other less fortunate words that I use to delight themselves?
I'm not stretching to be, you know,
you can call it a psychedality, but it's much more ancient
a recipe than that.
Well, I just tried out here.
See, we used to go to your office
and brought out a small piece of paper that looked like lipstick,
paper, and candy, and candy.
And you were careful not to touch it in the sleep.
They created a hell of a temperament.
This is true about a death.
All right, and that's all I know.
This is not true.
Let's find out exactly what age you're trying to come up
with that death while you've been saying shenanigans.
I'm not trying to throw anything, Mr. Prince.
You're very rewarding for your unsteady service.
Now, you're trying to say, I know from you
that you're a Jew from the other.
I'm confident that you both visit Essence, Mr. Prince.
It's like fate.
You want to make movies to make it so.
I'm very wise and wonder not to eat whatever it is
that the God would cease to eat.
You should burly introduce the very under-menuse films,
I recall.
Any crazy movies for it.
All right, forget the philosophy, Creve.
Just sock it to the leak.
Great.
Satan, not a thing.
Fine, fine.
I don't have too much time to waste doing anything.
The point is, Mr. Creve,
the many of the people you sent me to this show,
the most recently-a-professor,
Tess and I, Mr. Steyer, Mr. Morgue,
and two others just tonight,
you're not reading for long with my operation.
They discredit, discredit,
and make you feel free to go on our show.
And so that's one of the most
common conditions in my life to suffer.
It's plain habit with property values.
It's really even made a little of these good folks.
It seems the only way to get things back on board
is to even feel it's a reward for what you've done
and putting into order.
Just to remove the lack of support.
That's what you create to train your body.
Can you folks see what this lady is saying?
They just say that they didn't laugh.
Well, if I'm a shark, Mr. Creve,
you know you should have no fear about crimes
when a fortune is soaked into the power paper.
Well, that's just rough, Steyer.
You don't even think I'm going to drop action
right here in front of a couple of 5 million people
just to give you your job.
You think I'm going to lose my precious bottle of glue
just to give you a chance to push whatever
medium that's on it.
And from the school it's only to help us folks
who want something to lighten up burdens.
No chance. No damn chance, as you said.
Well, I don't think you have no choice.
You didn't say that.
You said it.
You haven't seen your eyes like tomorrow.
You didn't laugh enough.
How about it, folks?
Steyer, you've heard those folks in the tribe
and just there and they're like,
do you believe this marines and devil?
Do you believe what he said he is?
The audience can't scream.
The sound goes up and up and all across America,
you live by the millions out of their lucky
and filthy yellows and they believe you are a hysteria.
Even if Teddy Creve is right about the evolution,
let's be the talk that brings obstacles with Marge and you.
They seem wilder than a lot of tone-demand in the devil
to believe that he's a fraud.
But they didn't believe it.
They didn't want to read it.
Even if Teddy Creve turns the stone before they're very eyes.
Anyway, let's see tomorrow when he finally will pile up dust
on his desktop and on the chair.
But it didn't help him visit as much.
Because how did he accept his belief
that he's dissolution?
Is that what he's not accepted?
Was he rejected?
Teddy Creve was dust.
But he visited a man who was quite bad.
Never be heard from him.
There were readers later that month out of the Vatican
and there was a terrific hour struggle going on downstairs
in the discussion of the vaccine.
He said that because it was going to be a while,
he's going to have a really really big deal.
This was the day.
Teddy Creve was designed to do in the world's two big papers.
He got the highest rating of the figures.
he has no real sense of the word.
I agree.
Now,
I'll just say.
down the world, there is a hand.
Well, I was the exception, so it's not a happy moment.
But Joe Pines, who stands for the simple and the kind
that I'm saying that don't have the right to be a man,
I don't even know if it's the audience.
Like Joe Pines, the sign of the times,
there's kind of people, kind of people who watch that show,
having been voted for that kind of show.
You choose for that the piece, you choose to steal
a very old meatball and stand around and watch
have the children's and get married and get my students.
These people are all kind of the kind of people.
And I find myself suddenly a position to be a beauty
choir, and I don't much like it.
But maybe I don't much like what's going on around me.
I think, I think they said before,
I think it's true, they're going to make you violence.
How does anybody make a case for putting food in the kitchen?
So if you could come in and have a lunch here,
they'll help you, all right?
You can get your food, you can get your food,
you can get your food, they'll help you out.
You can get your food.
The food you don't put in the bathroom,
the food you don't put in the kitchen,
they'll help you out.
That's it.
The standout, the work of a prostitute.
You don't do it.
You don't see that.
You don't even get a phone call.
You don't see it.
You don't get a job that's going to stand out in front of you.
You don't see a call across the public saying,
there is a job between the last four days
you can go out and it's a great amount of change.
But you're not a sixth society.
And the next four days you guys go into the room.
Now, that courtesy,
I think there's something that I've looked at.
I've looked at the actual, you know,
how you can make your associations with the characters.
I think they're under the last five years.
I don't think it's great.
You know, it's just great, right?
You think you're a chair, you're a bottom-tenant,
and not really thinking right.
But you know, how about John,
he's got the best little background role.
And I remember that there was a chair in the locker
where a shimmy shawm and a bender were missing something,
and not really thinking about it,
but being able to develop it.
That's how it worked.
You know, you're so important.
And somebody in the ring knows how to wrap.
We are now where it was the same.
Why would it be the same?
You were the sexier lady in the public.
You were the public figure.
You know, why not chair in the locker
and not write the same number,
but it was a public figure that got down on the street.
Why not text that very young?
You know, people choose
to think about the variation
of not so great guy
and just kill a little sex
and develop a lot of the talent
that's not his best.
But it's very hard to possibly
work the fourth time for this very little audience.
Now, if you're a real senior in the ring,
why do you have something that bothers you?
It's a story.
You know, I said,
you should tell me about that one day.
And this is what I see in life.
He said, why don't you talk about these good things?
And I said, because people are not going to buy
an inspector who has no money on him
and he's never got care on him, period.
That's not what people think.
That's not what people want to be.
He's not going to do a commercial life
and invite what they want to be.
So, I know, I really want to write.
But the things that are important to talk about
are the things that are terrible
because the good things are good care of themselves.
How much responsibility
does it matter how much it is in times?
Well,
I try to put the right of responsibility
in this good self first.
To be honest,
if you do the best job,
you can't help this story, you cannot.
But if you don't have the time,
you have to be good at this times.
That is a really good second possibility
of an institution that we young people have.
It seems to me that a writer,
in our time,
has to work with these people
for the very long time.
Has to be the same people.
Has to be a little game,
a little asking, a little insulting
for example, in a job.
We know that you can't leave.
It's not a way to get into it.
It's not a way to do it.
It's not a way to be insulting.
It's not going to be a way to go
and do anything to get into it.
It's not going to start even close to Castle Pipe.
It's not all of those things that you want.
But whatever the guys around
they're really upsetting about that.
It's probably a good way to do that.
That is not a good tool
in my trade.
I mean, I can't even write a site there.
But I can put a file in the file
that I would like to write a site in the future.
Now, this is what it's adding that word.
It talks about the reasons of violence.
Just kind of by the time you're at the point.
We don't have a relation to these violence.
Because by using a very high level
of information,
we show you that in fact
that was why I wanted to do it.
You know, in the past
the kind of violence we saw
maybe in the jail in the
prime minister of Seligate
but now, in the
New York jail in the United States
it could get the president's money.
But today, each of us
has not pulled out of the common space
and we're caught by a guy.
I'm not the Japanese to fool because I have a guy
I can't do with.
I am a straight four strikes.
I don't have a hand
There are just a few of them.
And I get to write a white copy.
I left it like I want to write.
It was again
I don't want them to feel enamored
I chose it to be a conscious.
I didn't realize it when I started writing these kind of stories.
I think about 1960, I wasn't really writing anything that really defined anything before I started training here.
So since 1960 I've been very, very involved in a lot of kinds of social ways, like the civilized human nature,
and my time is the strength of it.
And I think it's my opportunity personally to write the kind of stories in which there was no awareness.
You see, not a happy ending. I don't care if one of you will ever walk into the sunset. I don't care the day.
What I care about is that when you hear a word in one of my stories you say,
wow, I never really thought about it that way before.
And if I had to tell you I'd like to read you another story about that.
Is there anybody from Britain who's been living in the North by the way?
No.
From Britain?
I'm not from Britain.
I'm from the United States.
I'm not a leader.
I'm a shmuck.
I'm not a good leader.
I'm not an artist.
I'm just trying to speak about that.
I know the problem you're going through.
I can't think of why.
I think it's a fun idea to work at.
I know in my book that brass is cool, and brass won't push you back.
Well, sometimes, death can not survive death.
Sometimes death can be not.
We talk about it all the time.
We talk about it really.
It's not just something wrong.
I can't think of a way to...
And I couldn't tell you about it yet, but I did.
So I wrote this story called Shattered at the Blast Goblin.
And the particular story of the B.A. in the night's morning collection the next day came up.
And all I could say about this is that I wrote this and then I went to some literature books that I've written.
I've written a book that I've been hating.
And one of the books that I've written was a book that I really like.
I only wrote this story.
So it was there.
It was later.
And really, finally, we got to put you under the house of a lesbian at the Los Angeles.
It was then, I was not just a child, but a father.
It was a good memory of Los Angeles.
You know, some time in five or four years you'll go abroad and that's always near the sun.
Here at the sidewalk it stopped in front of a place which was a gathered place with a very hacked cut.
And the last breath of one person would see you in a long unfinished walk.
The last cut was in a picture in just the operation of the two of the nine apartment houses
over the square structure on either side.
The other day, the old man was in the house, and he was in the house.
He was in the house, and he was in the house.
I was in the house, and I was in the house.
The other day, I was in the front door, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up
at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked up at the sun, and I looked at the sun, and I looked up at the sun,straight, and I looked up at the sun,
When you touch down the side of his heart, going twice the size of his chest,
and it's so deathly you'll reach for the top of it,
Chris, please,
he turned her head away with the hand that he was threatening about,
and she sat him up with him again.
For reason,
when Chris wanted for his stomach to be completely uncoordinated,
he pleaded with Chris, several opt for his life,
and on a passageway in the field,
but when he was about to turn and look out to the closet floor,
I had a presence he was hearing on,
there was no sign that he knew.
Chris was trying to fall back in front of the closet,
she was trying to smile,
and turned back on hands and knees from the closet after her.
Then a rabbit just stood there endlessly,
and he was crushing the rabbit,
and he looked down,
and he was lying in a soft matted fur coat with the pink rabbit.
He looked out the window and just made sure he had no heart at the closet,
she looked at him and he was disgusted.
He looked at her and she changed her way.
I'm not going to argue with Chris,
he said,
but if I were a local,
I might as well come back, please, please.
She would not listen to the voice of the lady,
and look at the closet, close her eyes.
There was no cell in front of her,
and she was trying to recall what it was that I already spoke of,
but there was no sign.
And he was sitting there outside the other door,
and the closet was suddenly a wave coming back to him.
He could wait a few months before they come back to him,
since he made a bucket of chicken to eat,
and he looked at the front of the woman, German, at the house.
There was a smoke,
and it seemed like a ton of blood,
and it was a black shadow,
but the top side of the stairs was empty for a moment.
She looked at the black side,
and it was a cold shower,
and it was too late,
and I thought I'd be leaving you in the morning.
Close her eyes and stare at him with this face.
Why didn't you come here?
Because you're not married!
You're not married, Chris.
I love you, Chris.
Ladies, you should take out that.
The day you heard that was me and to him.
He had out of the closet. Slowly.
Joe was down in the living room.
The downed girl who answered the door was trying to get his pants off him.
He kept shaking his head down,
trying to find her off with a needle-lister hand.
The record player on the living door bookshelf
was playing Simon and Garfield,
with a big, bright green, tiny machine.
Melting, Joe said gently,
Melting, when he finished with a big, foggy mirror
over the fireplace manor,
the fireplace was crammed with unburning wax milk cartons,
candy bar wrappers, newspapers from the underground press,
and tea with the door open and chilled.
Melting!
Joe and he all of a sudden, he covered his eyes.
Oh, shit, Blond girl,
setting through and now getting up and laughing.
She came for a hootie.
What's wrong with him, Lydia?
He's pretty nodding at Chris.
What a drag he could be.
Yeah, but what's happening to him?
He's showing, we see this face melting.
That's what he said.
Is he on Mel-a-Wanna?
Blond girl, to me, was such a good girl.
No, no.
Who are you?
I'm a friend of Chris's.
Blond girl, I saved her from one of the boys.
I had a way her shoulder dropped to the top to relax.
She accept it.
I thought you may have just walked in, you know,
made me the law.
You know, there was a new earthquake on the law,
a high-level earthquake in a long-space swamp
where the sun caught it every morning.
He looked around uneasily, and he didn't know what to do.
I was supposed to marry Chris.
That's not eight months ago, he said.
You know, in this building, it's a long road.
When John and Chris, he turns off,
I can drink a cold co-op more than an all day,
and I'm really worried.
Another record dropped out of the turn table,
and the loose kid, he wondered, blew a heart,
and his harmonica started singing,
having more than one.
I was engaged with Chris when he said to me,
he said, we're going to be married when I got out of the basement,
but she decided to come over and deal with John.
And I didn't want to push her, so I waited eight months.
But I'm out of the army now.
We'll be doing it, we'll go to you.
Under the dynamic age, she put a snap of photo on it,
and it said, Superhero, and I had to call to New York.
When he went back into the living room,
Joe was sitting up on the sofa, reading,
and he cast his magic spell on me.
And he said, Joe looked up,
and took him awhile to recognize me,
when he did pass the sofa, decided to read a game set down.
Hey, who's the way to sit?
I'm in the army.
Wow, heavy.
Yeah, it was awful.
You are now, you're good.
I'm from medical.
Hey, that's good.
It's that quiet that you go out,
and Joe started to nod and said to himself,
you're not very mad.
And he said, Joe, listen, what the story of this great,
we were supposed to get married about a month ago.
Well, she's about someplace, Joe, and I'm a patient.
In the dining room where one girl is sleeping,
naked, under the table,
she was kind of something wild, carrying a knee.
It went on for a long time,
but we were looking out the front window,
the main window.
There was a man in the third place,
standing, talking to two policemen on the sidewalk at the end,
and the front walker leading up to the front door.
Joe, if you're pissed on the way out,
Joe looked at you and said, hey, look at the man,
nobody's keeping him here.
He was moving along.
She liked to go out to the side, go by me.
But you got to walk him up to the front door.
We got up and went to answer the doorbell.
They smiled at him, and we started on the uniform.
Then he held you in his hands, and the first cop said,
do you live here?
Yes, and there'd be my name as you know, Michael, may I help you?
Well, we'd like to come inside and talk to you.
Do you have a search warrant?
We don't want to search.
We only want to talk to you.
Are you in here?
Just this job, I can understand my family.
Well, can we come in?
No, sir.
The second cop looked trouble.
Is this the place they called the hill?
Who?
Nobody asked, what was the place?
Well, the neighbor said this was the hill,
and there was a pretty wild party going on here.
Can you hear any party?
The cop's looking at you.
Nobody at it.
It's always very quiet here.
My mother has died in cancer and stomach.
They let the moon move in because the moon was able to hop to the deep,
the door in the outside.
The sci-commoody went out to the crew,
and the weakens fit to the other side of the line.
No one left the hill, but the new crew was very quiet.
Except sometimes the moon sounded growling in the back hall,
leading up to what it could have made through,
and splashing in the face of the sound of wet things and bricks.
The Mesopotamian Game Room universe,
ordered on the north by acid and mesoam,
on the south by top of Hyode,
on the east by speeding red balls,
and on the west by down to the east by...
There were a lot of people living in the hill.
Eleven and three.
He walked through the hall.
Sometimes Donald Trump,
and he did not talk to him,
he said,
''Once, what you asked him,
''he never did anything heavy behind anything except the rope.''
He didn't know what to answer,
but he was saying that the tree,
the color of the grid,
had walked off to the cellar,
and he needed to go over to the attic.
Many of her queens were in the attic.
They sounded like the shrieking of mice
in the corner of the street.
But there were bad things happening.
He didn't know why he was there,
except that he didn't understand why she wanted to stay.
He said, ''All these birds.''
And he sometimes felt that
if you just say the right thing the right way,
Chris would come away with it.
He began to dislike the life,
because he died.
The only talk to anyone else very much,
there was always a struggle to keep high,
to keep his room high,
as elevated and possible,
in that way they cared for each other.
And really became the one link with the outside.
When he'd written to someone, his parents,
and printed the bank somewhere,
and now there was money coming in.
Not much, but he left the kids a blue stock
in the rent aid.
But he insisted Chris be nice to them.
They all made her be nice to them,
and she slept with them in the little room
in the second floor
where Rudy had put his newspapers in his double bag.
He laid there most of the day,
when he was not out on errands for the hills,
and he read the smaller items
about train wrecks and molestations in the suburbs.
And Chris came to him and they made love of the sword.
And one night she convinced him
that he should have made it heavy behind acid.
And he let the paper dissolve in his throat,
and she was stretched out like a cat
and for six miles.
He was a fine copper wire
charged with electricity,
and he kissed her flesh.
She ran towards the current that flowed through him,
and he knew softer yet.
He sank down into the softness
and carefully ensured
he could do three effects
her tear drops made
as they rose in the midst around it.
He was down and getting slowly,
turning and turning,
held by a whisper of blue,
it came out of his body like a spider web.
The sound of her breathing,
the moist, crisp, with killer cavity
that went down and down
was the sound of the very walls of his cell.
And when he touched it with his
long, bare-foot finger,
she drew in breath heavily,
working the air up around him
as he sank down,
putting slowly in the veil of musty uselessness.
There was an insistent pulse
and it was somewhere allotted.
And he was afraid of it.
As he descended, the high-pitched whining
of something threatening to shatter
and felt panic, panic, drifting,
wayward, and still constricted.
He tried to grasp the veil
on the toilet,
and his hands were in his blood,
faster now, much faster in a rage, in a rage.
Violent explosion going on
in the shrieking of something that wanted him,
that was seeking him,
hulking deeply in the drawer of an animal
he would not name.
And he heard her shouting,
heard her roar, and pitched beneath him,
and it felt a crushing feeling.
And there was silence.
There lasted two of them.
There was soft music in the man's mouth
and blood in the kitchen.
So they laid their foot together
and they gave him the pain.
And he slept for some hours.
After that, really so,
that we're out of here in the light,
he didn't shot me at night,
we're in shape.
He emptied the garbage at night
and swept down the front door.
He walked in the front door,
and he was sitting there for a long while,
with a noise that registered him on an higher level.
He went along in a great way,
because when he stole the sound,
he fell all through the door.
He began to realize,
he had not seen some of the other young people
who lived in the door for a long time.
But the sound was from above,
and below, and around him in the house
and room more frequently.
His clothes were too large for him now.
He wore only the underpants.
His hands and feet hurt,
but he looked like his fingers were larger than crackling them.
There were always an angry prison.
His hand always burned.
The same perpetual odor of weed
was saturated in the wood wall and the rafters.
He had an itch on the outside of his ear
and he could not well.
He made newspapers all the time.
Old newspapers,
his items were embedded in his memory.
He remembered a job he once held
in the garage of the police,
but that seemed a very long time ago.
When they'd come off the electricity in the mill,
he didn't bother to do that,
because he preferred the dark.
But he went to tell the other one,
who could not find it.
They were all gone.
He'd be crisp,
and surely a thing there somewhere.
He heard the voice of the sound from the basement
and went down with foreign silence in the darkness.
The basement of his blood.
One of the 11 names heading was there.
He was attached to the sign
and told it up the wall of the basement,
hanging close to the stone,
holding softly and getting off the thin green light.
He dropped a rubbery arm into the water
and let it hang there,
moving either in the eye or the thigh.
Then something came there
and he made a shock movement
and broke a thing up still wide.
He made rubbery brick and itched it up the wall
with a dark, moody spot and his upper surface.
He had a bandage that covered his length
and pushed the thing in the dark blood spot,
where it shrieked with a terrible sound
and he knew that there was a sucking noise
in his swallowings.
He ruined my back upstairs.
On the first floor, he found the one who was the blonde girl
whose name was Abraham.
She lay out in and wiped the table cloth
on the dining room table.
The three of the others he had not seen
in a very long while,
put their teeth into her.
They threw their hollow shark teeth.
They drank up the yellow fluid
in the globetust pot
as they think of rest in the cutout.
Their faces were very white in their eyes,
like a sick tongue.
Climbing to the second floor,
Louis was almost knocked down
by the passage of something that had been picked up
flying an heavily-ripped leather weight
in the very attic of his jaw.
He found Chris in the attic
in a corner breaking his skull
and sucking out the moist brain
that looked in the table cloth.
Chris was left to go away,
but he reached out and crushed him,
snapping for a long, pointless, dirty fingernails against him.
He ran like crystal.
In the rafters of the attic,
Jonah Crouch garbled and screamed,
there was a green stain on his jaw
and something stringy in his claw.
Chris, please, tell her to wait.
His head was bruised.
His hair is itched.
Chris sucked out the last of the middle of his fingers
and the skull of the siloed little creature
and scraped highly at the plastic bottle
with hairy hands.
She stumbled back on her heart.
She said, her long, hairy muzzle pulled up.
Louis scuttled away.
He ran low.
There's nothing rushing the attic floor.
He scampered the safety.
Behind him, Chris was growling.
He got down to the second floor
and ended the first
and tried to climb up on the Morris chair in the mantle.
So he could see himself in the mirror,
in the light from the moon through the fly-blown window.
But Naomi was on the window,
wrapping up the fly with a tongue.
He cried with desperation, wanting to see himself.
And when he stood before the mirror,
he saw that he was transparent,
that there was nothing inside him,
that his ears had grown pointed
and had hair on their hips.
His eyes were as huge as a prashear
and a reflection of light burning.
Then he heard the growling behind him,
lowing.
The little glass got a little turned
and the world rose up on its high legs
and touched him till he rang
like a flying crystal.
And the werewolf said with very little concern,
have you ever grew heavy behind anything except the bottle?
Please, the little glass got on its head
just as the gray hairy paw swatting
in one million-class eighty-way-n-mall fragments,
all expanding consciously into the pipe,
a really cold universe that was a hill,
all buzzing, highly-contacted and inly,
walked into a darkness that began
to seep out through the silence.
What a draw.
Thank you.
I think I had gone on far too long already,
so I will make a quick summary of it.
A writer from a show on
writes just a book or just a play
or even one quatrain at a time.
What he's doing is he's making a journey through life
and recording it.
And what he's saying in his time is,
this is where I think I am at this time,
and this is what this place looks like to me.
It seems to me that a writer,
to be of any value at all,
not only for himself,
but to hostility and to his times,
must write up his times and up himself.
Must write up particular fears of a sale of him,
even as they are reflected in the things
around him that he sees.
What I've tried to do and I'll realize
and what I've said in a little booklet
about these are my dreams,
is I've tried to put all of my dreams down,
so that maybe just for once
you can look out of other eyes
and wonder them your own.
We all see out of our own special eyes,
and even if I can have the eye of yours,
you can't see out of mine,
unless I'm looking at my story.
And for the family to join my story,
you can't use the word.
And so we exchange our easy-to-use stories tonight.
Thank you.
you